Sentence:Oh yeah?! My mom took me to see Mel Gibson's movie, The Passion, and Mel Gibson says you are sneaks and you are liars. And if the Road Warrior says it, it must be true.
Our reply 1: Ah, my nipples, they hurt! They hurt when I twist them!
Our reply 2: Oogh! Yess! 
Our reply 3: Hey, Colonel! I've been your biggest supporter since I was two years old! I love your chicken! I love you!
Our reply 4: Heh that's right, Butters will back me up on anything. He's such a bitch.
Our reply 5: Well, when I started courting your mother, there was this big muscular football player named Quib, who didn't take too kindly to me. He wanted your mother all to himself. And so, one day, he challenged me to a fight. 
Ground Truth:Don't worry, Kyle. Craig's not gonna tell on us. Come, ninjas, let's go.  All right, this is it.

Sentence:Don't worry, Kyle. Craig's not gonna tell on us. Come, ninjas, let's go.  All right, this is it.
Our reply 1: Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission. 
Our reply 2: But we'll starve and die like dogs.
Our reply 3: Yes she is! I've been hearing her all day! Listen! Listen.  Eric? Eric, where are you? I miss you very much.
Our reply 4: What?
Our reply 5: No Eric, don't come any- 
Ground Truth:Yes. The residence of the one called... Craig. 

Sentence:Yes. The residence of the one called... Craig. 
Our reply 1: Yes. Are you calling about the abduction?
Our reply 2: Dude, Craig, what's goin' on?
Our reply 3: You mean like those guys you see at all the tourist spots?
Our reply 4: You guys look pretty gay.
Our reply 5: It's an emergency! It's an emergency!
Ground Truth:I still say this is a bad idea.

Sentence:I still say this is a bad idea.
Our reply 1: Or a really sweet one. 
Our reply 2: Dude, I don't get it.
Our reply 3: The shoppers... Hm... They started showing up at midnight on Thursday... They... didn't line up, they just crammed themselves near the main entrance... I can see their faces smooshed up against the glass, licking their lips, waiting to get in... God, the sounds that they made... It was 5 am when they opened the doors... There was screaming... blood... people... tearing each other's faces off while holiday music played in the background... I saw a woman... pick up her daughter by the ankle and swing her into some old guy's head... Before I knew it they were all around me... fighting, clawing. Then a hand reached in and pulled me out. Old Cap. He saved us all that day.  When it was over... the front of the mall was... covered in red. Bodies... shopping bags...  And now winter comes again. 
Our reply 4: We're not bad. I mean, maybe what we needed was just to think outside the box here. I mean, if there's anything we've learned is that the only thing that makes a juicy story go away is a juicier story.
Our reply 5: Why bad?
Ground Truth:Ninja positions!  Hello, Craig!

Sentence:Ninja positions!  Hello, Craig!
Our reply 1: Craig?! You asshole!
Our reply 2: You mean like those guys you see at all the tourist spots?
Our reply 3: What?
Our reply 4: Um...  Okay. I refuse to answer on the grounds that it may incinerate me.
Our reply 5: Dude, Craig, we should go back now.
Ground Truth:Look what we got.

Sentence:Look what we got.
Our reply 1: Huh? 
Our reply 2: You guys! You guys! Seriously! I'm a sorcerer! Zhyagah, zhyah, zhyagot that.
Our reply 3: I got a kissing booth set up at the kids' fair on Saturday so Kayla and Ashley, you take turns there. Any girl that sells more than twenty kisses gets  a little sunshine, but if you don't show up for work at all, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud.
Our reply 4: Wroong. We've already got our human clone well under way. 
Our reply 5: Aaand action.
Ground Truth:Where'd you get those?

Sentence:Where'd you get those?
Our reply 1: Kyle?
Our reply 2: Oh God...
Our reply 3: They don't get it. Parents are stupid.
Our reply 4: Alright guys, do you think he's lying or telling the truth?
Our reply 5: Hello there, children!
Ground Truth:We can't tell you where we got 'em! It's secret ninja stuff.

Sentence:We can't tell you where we got 'em! It's secret ninja stuff.
Our reply 1: What?
Our reply 2: What?
Our reply 3: Oh, it appears the goalie has pooped his pants.  Oh and look at this! Little Stan Marsh actually has a shot at the goal!
Our reply 4: Boys, I know you're tired, but the purity rings are important to the company's image.
Our reply 5: That Tynacorp was making these towels to take over the world!
Ground Truth:Ooo, is that jealousy I see in your eyes, Craig? Mmm, yes, drown me in the sweet water of your envy.

Sentence:Ooo, is that jealousy I see in your eyes, Craig? Mmm, yes, drown me in the sweet water of your envy.
Our reply 1: I'd like to buy some more stuff.
Our reply 2: Our entire production is headquartered here, boys. We move over sixteen tons of chicken every month. Of course, with the new laws in Colorado my business has taken quite a hit. I'm worried other states might follow suit.
Our reply 3: We wish you a merry Christmas,
We wish you a merry Christmas,
We wish you a merry Christmas--
Our reply 4: Because I saw you. Okay? In your room, passed out, with a VR headset on. Customer Service said that one of us needed to put on the headset and come get you, and that's why I'm here.
Our reply 5: Coming up next on the Terrance and Phillip Thanksgiving Special, Phillip farts on Terrance, and laughs.
Ground Truth:Uh-uh, they're not that cool.

Sentence:Uh-uh, they're not that cool.
Our reply 1: Kenny, aren't you a little young for this?
Our reply 2: Yes
Our reply 3: That'd be what?
Our reply 4: Bleech! 
Our reply 5: And what is that?
Ground Truth:Hyeah, "they're not that cool." These are real authentic weapons from the Far East.

Sentence:Hyeah, "they're not that cool." These are real authentic weapons from the Far East.
Our reply 1: Wow, cool.
Our reply 2: Go back inside and tell everyone that they are surrounded! Tell them to come out peacefully, and we will not shoot them. 
Our reply 3: Real guitars are for old people.
Our reply 4: This... is your pirate boat? Dude, the FUCK! Alright, seriously you guys? What kind of pirates are you? I mean, really? The FUCK, dude, the FUCK?!
Our reply 5: Bleech! 
Ground Truth:But don't tell anybody we have them.

Sentence:But don't tell anybody we have them.
Our reply 1: Oh come on! We're not the only ones who wanted to look into this! You think, you think Kyle isn't on the computer right now tryin' to see who the poorest kid in school is?! Oh he is gonna have such a field day, that heartless Jew!  Well I won't give him the satisfaction!
Our reply 2: Come on dude, we have to get to practice.
Our reply 3: Egh! Some God-damned Klingon you are!
Our reply 4: Muhammad. The prophet of the Muslim faith.
Our reply 5: No, nobody seems to knew them. Only that they were in the tour group. Digging to them is going to take days.
Ground Truth:Ugh.

Sentence:Ugh.
Our reply 1: Can we maybe try one without Lisa Berger?
Our reply 2: Kyle!!
Our reply 3: I'm sorry, Kyle. You'll just have to make do.  Now let's get back to the le-
Our reply 4: Come on, Stan. Hospitals aren't all that bad.
Our reply 5: Alright. You asked for it!I'm gonna tell you now... 
Ground Truth:Whoa! Where'd you get those?!

Sentence:Whoa! Where'd you get those?!
Our reply 1: Change your name!
Our reply 2: Do not be afraid. I mean you no harm.
Our reply 3: Minge, does this mean I have to wait to see Paris?
Our reply 4: I've worked it all out on Expedia.  We can take Southwest Airlines to Miami, then Dubai Air here to Cairo, and then it's just a 49-hour bus ride into Mogadishu, with all the booty and plunder a pirate could want.
Our reply 5: So now, the inevitable question: if terrorists didn't cause 9/11, who did?  Remember that there are in fact two towers. Two minus one is one; one one - 11; two minus one is one; one one, and there are nine members on Silverstein's board of directors. That's nine-one-one. Nine-eleven. And take 2 - 1 + 9/11 and you get 12, which leads us all to the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks. . Kyle!
Ground Truth:Let me see.

Sentence:Let me see.
Our reply 1: Check it out guys, she's taking o- Oh my God, we've got full bush!
Our reply 2: O-Okay.  But don't scare him...
Our reply 3: Here you go.  Wow, those are great. Maybe I should go grab some beers, Ned. Ned, what- a-are you jackin' it?
Our reply 4: Lord, on this day of thanks, we would like to extend our deepest gratitude for this incredible bounty of green beans you have bestowed upon us. And though for some reason you found it necessary to take our son from us , and though you for some reason find pleasure in watching us suffer, still, we give thanks. Amen.
Our reply 5: Noooo! 
Ground Truth:Uh, we'd love to hang out guys, but we have important secret work to do. 

Sentence:Uh, we'd love to hang out guys, but we have important secret work to do. 
Our reply 1: No, Kyle, listen! Please! I think right about now, I'm in my mom's freezer.
Our reply 2: I have to watch out for my glasses. Ow! Ow, it's so cold! Oh Jesus! 
Our reply 3: I've always thought about murdering you in your sleep. Can you go to the cabin and get in bed?
Our reply 4: You have to! For the babih! 
Our reply 5: Wow, and this Vietnamese prostitute can really ride a bull!  I guess she's had a lot of practice, if you know what I mean. 
Ground Truth:Yes. The life of a ninja is complex and full of peril.  Come on, ninjas!

Sentence:Yes. The life of a ninja is complex and full of peril.  Come on, ninjas!
Our reply 1: (unintelligible)
Our reply 2: Kick ass! 
Our reply 3: Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission. 
Our reply 4: You guys smell that? Smells like that new famous bowl at KFC
Our reply 5: Well, now that we've uncovered Mackey's source of hoarding, we can finally move on to yours, Stan. Are you ready for your therapy?
Ground Truth:Ho! 

Sentence:Ho! 
Our reply 1: Black people say Hey hey hey!  Uh oh, I think the white people are winning! White people got you beat, black people; you'd better represent! Let me hear you say "I don't blame the white people. No no no!"
Our reply 2: Welcome to Afghanistan, troops! Get your gear ready and report to the barracks at o-nine hundred!
Our reply 3: Pirates ho!
Our reply 4: Wow!
Our reply 5: Tom, I'm standing out front of the South Park Mayor's Office, where both sides of this debate have gathered.
Ground Truth:Aw man, did you see the look on Craig's face?! That was awesome!

Sentence:Aw man, did you see the look on Craig's face?! That was awesome!
Our reply 1: All right, this way, Butters. Just follow the sound of my voice. 
Our reply 2: Shelly, off the Internet. It's bedtime.
Our reply 3: Told you guys.
Our reply 4: So who do we throw the party for?
Our reply 5: Cool!
Ground Truth:Dude, we're like the coolest kids in the whole state! 

Sentence:Dude, we're like the coolest kids in the whole state! 
Our reply 1: Well, my dad is, too.
Our reply 2: Hmph! 
Our reply 3: Hey, that's what I wrote about!
Our reply 4: Why, thank you, Peter Panda. This is Distinctive Earl Grey.
Our reply 5: Hoh, geez. 
Ground Truth:Hey fellas. What's happenin'?

Sentence:Hey fellas. What's happenin'?
Our reply 1: We should have never gone to that stupid cult meetin'. 
Our reply 2: Butters?! What the hell are you doing?!
Our reply 3: Hey Kenny
Our reply 4: Butters, what the hell are you doing?
Our reply 5: Butters.
Ground Truth:We're playing Ninjas, Butters.

Sentence:We're playing Ninjas, Butters.
Our reply 1: You what?!
Our reply 2: Hey Eric.
Our reply 3: He was with us at dinner. Wait. Was he with us at dinner?
Our reply 4: Jesus, it's freezing out here. He, he could be dead.
Our reply 5: Why would you turn "Craig's mom's bush" into a music video starring us?!
Ground Truth:Wowee! Hey, can I play, ninjas with you?

Sentence:Wowee! Hey, can I play, ninjas with you?
Our reply 1: Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission. 
Our reply 2: You what?!
Our reply 3: Hey Stan, I was on my computer at work and saw that you have a Facebook page now?
Our reply 4: Hey, can they do that??
Our reply 5: No trabajar aqui! Vaya! No pleya la musica en la promenade! No es bueno!
Ground Truth:No, Butters. We are a very select elite fighting team sent to protect the world from evil, and you can't play with us.

Sentence:No, Butters. We are a very select elite fighting team sent to protect the world from evil, and you can't play with us.
Our reply 1: What the hell is going on here?!
Our reply 2: Yeah, there ain't nothin' that's gettin' in my wiener through this thing? A-and it's even got a little reservoir at the end so you can... pee in it.
Our reply 3: Well, I'm glad this lady's on our side.
Our reply 4: Prelims show negative, sir.
Our reply 5: Protect who??
Ground Truth:Yeah, Butters. You wouldn't make a very good ninja. Come on, guys.  We have a lot of work to do.

Sentence:Yeah, Butters. You wouldn't make a very good ninja. Come on, guys.  We have a lot of work to do.
Our reply 1: Mr. Garrison,  these three boys were caught playing hooky.
Our reply 2: Me neither.
Our reply 3: No! 
Our reply 4: Not working out?
Our reply 5: Nanda... Nanda kore?! 
Ground Truth:Yes, and no time to do it. No time... 

Sentence:Yes, and no time to do it. No time... 
Our reply 1: Whenever you are naughty, Eric, you are going to sit on this stool for five minutes.
Our reply 2: Yeah, your time is up!
Our reply 3: Do you mind telling us what the hell is going on??
Our reply 4: What are you?
Our reply 5: An entrepreneur.
Ground Truth:I think I'd make a really good ninja.  Jeez, those guys never let me play with them. Uh, they just shun me all the time. 

Sentence:I think I'd make a really good ninja.  Jeez, those guys never let me play with them. Uh, they just shun me all the time. 
Our reply 1: Hurry! We can't miss the commercials!
Our reply 2: Kick ass! 
Our reply 3: Incredible. And, and what's it doing now?
Our reply 4: Yeah, and now we're gonna make sure you get the help you need.
Our reply 5: Gals. Gals, could you all come gather round? Gather round, gals; take a knee.  Gals, I... well I'm afraid I can't do this anymore. I'm gonna be leavin' the company. Well I enjoyed being your pimp and all, it's just that... when I see real love, like what those two people have, well, well it just makes me feel like a... well, like a dick. Well I may be a man now, but it doesn't mean I have the right to be earnin' money for what girls do, whether you're chargin' fellers for kisses by cash or by makin' them listen to your stupid motherfuckin' problems. Well that's your hard work. Bitches, this is your company now, so get out there, and make yourselves some motherfuckin' money!
Ground Truth:I'm a lost soul. A dark lonely shadow of a person-

Sentence:I'm a lost soul. A dark lonely shadow of a person-
Our reply 1: Here, spirit, come out the window.  I'll give you tree-fiddy. 
Our reply 2: Then please stand aside for people who actually have money with us. Next please. 
Our reply 3: Dammit!
Our reply 4: Did I what?
Our reply 5: Stop touching me, Elmo! 
Ground Truth:Hi Butters.

Sentence:Hi Butters.
Our reply 1: Thank you so much for taking him in.
Our reply 2: Token, I'm so sorry. I thought you were only with me because I'm black.
Our reply 3: How long they been watching us?
Our reply 4: Hello. Do I know you?
Our reply 5: Mr. Garrison??
Ground Truth:Hi Mom.  -a castaway, forced to live his life out in solitude.  And it's because of times like these I was forced to a life of evil.  Society cast me out, and so I vowed to make them all pay! And pay they did! Nobody knows that beneath this sweet eight-year-old little boy lies the most evil, the most destructive super-villain of all time!  Professor Chaos!  Let's see how you like dealing with me, ninjas! 

Sentence:Hi Mom.  -a castaway, forced to live his life out in solitude.  And it's because of times like these I was forced to a life of evil.  Society cast me out, and so I vowed to make them all pay! And pay they did! Nobody knows that beneath this sweet eight-year-old little boy lies the most evil, the most destructive super-villain of all time!  Professor Chaos!  Let's see how you like dealing with me, ninjas! 
Our reply 1: Simple, my dear general. We are going to tear down the Earth's precious atmosphere! Oh yes! My latest plan will melt the polar ice caps, a-and burn all the world with the, with the... hu- sun's harmful rays!  Say goodbye to your... precious ozone and hello to chaos!  Okay, hand me another one, General Disarray. 
Our reply 2: Yes. There's nothing but smoldering bodies all around you. Burnt out buildings, and what used to be our town.
Our reply 3: All right, well if you identify yourself as a girl, you must find yourself attracted to boys. Is that right?!
Our reply 4: Ogh..!
Our reply 5: (unintelligible)
Ground Truth:Ooo, Butters, are you going out to play again?

Sentence:Ooo, Butters, are you going out to play again?
Our reply 1: Well, I don't know what got into you kids. You should be ashamed of yourselves. 
Our reply 2: Shit!
Our reply 3: She must be back at the train station; come on! 
Our reply 4: Welcome, everyone, to the final act of my fabulous Chili Carnival!
Our reply 5: I can't do it. Ah, I- I can't do it!
Ground Truth:Yeah Mom, I'm just goin' outside for a little while.

Sentence:Yeah Mom, I'm just goin' outside for a little while.
Our reply 1: Mommy's little boopie-kins 
Our reply 2: Bad.
Our reply 3: Huh? Oh anything you have to say to me  you can say in front of Lexus.
Our reply 4: Oh, here come the butch boys to help their butchy little friend!
Our reply 5: Hey Clyde.
Ground Truth:Well, could you be a sweetie and take that pie over there to the Thomsons. I made it to thank them for babysitting you last week.

Sentence:Well, could you be a sweetie and take that pie over there to the Thomsons. I made it to thank them for babysitting you last week.
Our reply 1: Could yo do me a favor?
Our reply 2: Eh... n-yeh. No... more... pie... eheh... seriously.
Our reply 3: Dude, you can stop faking now. We got a substitute teacher.  Kyle?
Our reply 4: But before he could go through with this entire plan, he discovered that the pie had already been eaten...  ...by your dog. 
Our reply 5: Oh, I'd like to see you do any better, bitch!
Ground Truth:Well, o- okay Mom.  Bah! Gah! 

Sentence:Well, o- okay Mom.  Bah! Gah! 
Our reply 1: Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!
Our reply 2: More melted butter, sir?
Our reply 3: (Stop taping!)
Our reply 4: Dude, why is this guy always beating everybody up?
Our reply 5: Wait a minute. This means all the Prime Minister's new laws are null and void. We can have our horses back!
Ground Truth:Hm, this doesn't seem to be the right way. My ninja sense is telling me we might be heading in the wrong direction.

Sentence:Hm, this doesn't seem to be the right way. My ninja sense is telling me we might be heading in the wrong direction.
Our reply 1: (unintelligible)
Our reply 2: It's true. We think that word might be plaguing our friend, Kenny.
Our reply 3: Police station.
Our reply 4: That's the paradox! Please my friend, please! I am not real! You are not real! Have I answered your questions and provided good customer service?! This call may be recorded! 
Our reply 5: Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission. 
Ground Truth:Okay, hang on guys. I'll use my special power to see into the future and find out where we should head next.

Sentence:Okay, hang on guys. I'll use my special power to see into the future and find out where we should head next.
Our reply 1: Very funny!
Our reply 2: Yeah. I bet they could make a fake set of balls. Come on, Butters!
Our reply 3: Stan Marsh?
Our reply 4: UUuuhh-UUuuhh 
Our reply 5: Well come on! We gotta tell you what happened. I'm sure glad it's over with. 
Ground Truth:Hold on you guys. I actually have another power. I can see into the future too, but better than Kyle. Let me try it.

Sentence:Hold on you guys. I actually have another power. I can see into the future too, but better than Kyle. Let me try it.
Our reply 1: Oh, I don't know. You guys stayed away from drugs, so you're okay. I just lost touch with you after I was sent to Juvi Hall in 2006.
Our reply 2: I will!
Our reply 3: What kind of extremists are these? 
Our reply 4: Better how, dude?
Our reply 5: Give me that!  Hey! It hit her right in the mouth!
Ground Truth:God dammit, Cartman! You can't keep making up new powers!

Sentence:God dammit, Cartman! You can't keep making up new powers!
Our reply 1: Excuse me: over here, please? All right, I need all students to join me over here. 
Our reply 2: Welcome to Make Your Own Video. All set to rock and roll?
Our reply 3: Wendy?
Our reply 4: I am going to fucking kill you guys, seriously. 
Our reply 5: No, I can't even kill a deer.
Ground Truth:Yeah dude, that's like the fifth power you've come up with!

Sentence:Yeah dude, that's like the fifth power you've come up with!
Our reply 1: What kind of extremists are these? 
Our reply 2: I was bitten by a radioactive mosquito! Bzzzzzzt.
Our reply 3: It seems to have no weakness!
Our reply 4: Where are we goin'?
Our reply 5: (You guys, take it seriously.)
Ground Truth:I am Bulrog and I have lots and lots of powers.

Sentence:I am Bulrog and I have lots and lots of powers.
Our reply 1: Oh God, we're both un-fixable! Don't you see we're lost causes?! We're just evil and nothing can change us! There's no other way out, Butters! We have to kill ourselves! 
Our reply 2: Well... Gary, you wanna just hang out with your friend Stan?
Our reply 3: Quickly! Get the scanner running again!  We've got a chance now!
Our reply 4: Yesuh. Anda what is the Evil Power?  The Evil Power is the United States gorvernment! 
Our reply 5: I think so.
Ground Truth:No asshole! From now on you only get to have one power! So what is it?!

Sentence:No asshole! From now on you only get to have one power! So what is it?!
Our reply 1: Yeah!
Our reply 2: That's better.
Our reply 3: Towelie, don't let go of us, you God-damned towel! Kyle's almost there!
Our reply 4: Ogh, that is so courageous.
Our reply 5: ...What?
Ground Truth:I have the power to have all the powers I want.

Sentence:I have the power to have all the powers I want.
Our reply 1: Change the flag!
Our reply 2: Oohh, I'm sorry, Chef. Mr. Hat is a racist son of a bitch.
Our reply 3: Alright, Ned. We've got to be careful. These are really evil men we're dealing with.
Our reply 4: There's nothing special about you, dude. Get over yourself.
Our reply 5: I don't think it will, you guys, as long as we realize it. We must learn to control their power over us.
Ground Truth:That doesn't count, fatass!

Sentence:That doesn't count, fatass!
Our reply 1: You're gonna give up on Faith Hilling just like that, Butters? How could you?
Our reply 2: I'm preparing my speech for when they call me up to congratulate on me on my discovery. "Thank you, Mayor, for this distinctive honor..."
Our reply 3: Ey! Don't call me fat!  Mom, don't laugh.
Our reply 4: You happy with the election results last night, Kyle?
Our reply 5: Oh, no big deal. I just found a group called NAMBLA with adult members, and they all think that I'm sure mature they want me to be their new poster child is all.  It looks like I'm finally gonna have mature friends who I can relate to. Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! I'm too mature for you guys! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! 
Ground Truth:Yeah, that it, Cartman! You don't get to have any powers!

Sentence:Yeah, that it, Cartman! You don't get to have any powers!
Our reply 1: What kind of extremists are these? 
Our reply 2: Yeah! Come on, we can set everything up in my clubhouse and get ready for New Year's Eve!  Hey, don't feel bad, Stan. Some of us just mature a little later than others. 
Our reply 3: (This isn't a prank, Kyle!)
Our reply 4: I was bitten by a radioactive mosquito! Bzzzzzzt.
Our reply 5: Well so then what time is it? 
Ground Truth:C'mon!

Sentence:C'mon!
Our reply 1: Hey, wait, aah!
Our reply 2: Just like me, all I ever wanted was to sing and dance.
And now that I stood up for my dream I finally have the chance.
Our reply 3: (If you wanna get high and jack off, it's cool.)
Our reply 4: involves needing scissors and glue!
Our reply 5: Where did everybody go?
Ground Truth:Haaa ha ha ha ha!  Well well well! If it isn't the four ninjas!

Sentence:Haaa ha ha ha ha!  Well well well! If it isn't the four ninjas!
Our reply 1: Hey! You're following plankers and tebowers, so put a loaded gun in your mouth! DO IT!  Everybody take a good look.  This is what you're doing every time you play with Internet memes. You're playing roulette with your lives! 
Our reply 2: All right, boys. You're gonna have to wait here. 
Our reply 3: Ha ha ha ha!
Our reply 4: You guys, my hand totally smells like spaghetti now. Smell it. 
Our reply 5: You guys. Somebody is following us.
Ground Truth:Who the hell is that?

Sentence:Who the hell is that?
Our reply 1: They're putting an end to it! 
Our reply 2: Eat the banana or we have to put you down!
Our reply 3: Obviously the terrorists are for real!  What does that paper say?  We have placed bombs all over your city. You will give Muhammad to us. The celebrities want Muhammad for his power not to be ridiculed. We want that power... huzzah.
Our reply 4: It's Cartman's stupid online persona!
Our reply 5: What's it look like I'm doing? I'm trending, Kyle. I'm trending more than I ecer thought possible.
Ground Truth:I dunno. Craig, is that you?

Sentence:I dunno. Craig, is that you?
Our reply 1: Good-bye, cruel world.  Jesus Christ! What was I thinking?! That would have hurt like hell! 
Our reply 2: I'm gong to call the police again. Kyle Two, go down to the playground and look there.
Our reply 3: Dude, Craig, we should go back now.
Our reply 4: Well, Craig showed up.
Our reply 5: It is almost ...complete. The creation of my minions who will assist me in bringing terror to the world.  There we go.  Ye-ess, my minions of, of chaos.  Shhh. Night now, night now my lovelies. Your time to bring dest-struction will come very soon.  Aaahhh!
Ground Truth:Fools!  I am Professor Chaos! Bringer of Destruction and Doom!  Your feeble ninja powers are no match for me!

Sentence:Fools!  I am Professor Chaos! Bringer of Destruction and Doom!  Your feeble ninja powers are no match for me!
Our reply 1: ...We've gotta get to that church before we die.
Our reply 2: Give him hell, Mysterion! 
Our reply 3: The History Channel said you were!
Our reply 4: Kick ass! 
Our reply 5: Yeah. We won't have to take crap from anybody.
Ground Truth:Whoa.

Sentence:Whoa.
Our reply 1: Do not be afraid. I mean you no harm.
Our reply 2: Minge, does this mean I have to wait to see Paris?
Our reply 3: Yes! Yehhehehes!
Our reply 4: The smurfs and I grew to understand each other.  They shared with me their art of picking Smurfberries, and I shared with them stories of my country's forefathers. Of course, it wasn't long before ...I fell in love with Smurfette.  We're from two different worlds and yet we spoke the common language of passion.
Our reply 5: Eric, you have to stay in time-out!
Ground Truth:Looks like we have a sworn enemy, you guys.

Sentence:Looks like we have a sworn enemy, you guys.
Our reply 1: Hooray!
Our reply 2: I, I can't, I can't believe it.
Our reply 3: You don't see any difference in the pictures?
Our reply 4: He's here!
Our reply 5: Well, that's a public school. And in it there are children,  just like us.
Ground Truth:(Yeah.)

Sentence:(Yeah.)
Our reply 1: Live from Five News Studio in Colorado, it's Good Mornin' Denver.
Our reply 2: Well can you give our audience a peek?  What do you say girls? Do you want the Jonas Brothers to douse you with their white foam? 
Our reply 3: And you are a towel.
Our reply 4: You will not get away with this!
Our reply 5: We set course tomorrow! I purchased everyone's ticket online using me mother's credit card!
Ground Truth:Very well, Professor Chaos! We'll play along. Now, fell the fiery sting of my tonfa of Takanawa!  Hey kid, that knocks you down.

Sentence:Very well, Professor Chaos! We'll play along. Now, fell the fiery sting of my tonfa of Takanawa!  Hey kid, that knocks you down.
Our reply 1: Ah, my faithful companion in world destruction, General Disarray.
Our reply 2: Give him hell, Mysterion! 
Our reply 3: Simple, my dear general. We are going to tear down the Earth's precious atmosphere! Oh yes! My latest plan will melt the polar ice caps, a-and burn all the world with the, with the... hu- sun's harmful rays!  Say goodbye to your... precious ozone and hello to chaos!  Okay, hand me another one, General Disarray. 
Our reply 4: Now, believe it or not, Kyle, I actually need your help. But first you have to promise not to tell anyone.
Our reply 5: Jews...
Ground Truth:Nuh uh!

Sentence:Nuh uh!
Our reply 1: Yeah huh! You heard of the Coon and now you're being a copycat. Is that your name? Copycat?
Our reply 2: C'mon, Kenny. Let me ha--
Our reply 3: Come, on, Kenny! I'll give you five bucks to do it!
Our reply 4: Yuh huh! If you don't wear a condom, you're gonna get AIDS.
Our reply 5: Yeah! And look! They ride around on turtles and they play games with fish.
Ground Truth:Yeah, huh, I got you!

Sentence:Yeah, huh, I got you!
Our reply 1: Every day I dream that I can go to school. Learn about the world. But my mother, she is dyin' of AIDS, and there is no money for medicine. My father was killed trying to find food for us. Do you know how I feel every time we try to capture a boat? Scared. And not just scared because I might get killed, but scared because if I don't get something out of it, my family and friends are going to die. I don't want to be a pirate. I don't see how anybody would. 
Our reply 2: Dude, what happened? You're not doing the morning announcements anymore?
Our reply 3: The fifty eight dollars and thirty two cents I gave you! I want it back!
Our reply 4: What, Inspector butters figured out I set him up?!
Our reply 5: NO.
Ground Truth:Nuh uh! Because my cloak is made of a... titanium alloy that shields me from heat!

Sentence:Nuh uh! Because my cloak is made of a... titanium alloy that shields me from heat!
Our reply 1: Come on, dude! I can do it! I'm sure!
Our reply 2: C'mon, Kenny. Let me ha--
Our reply 3: Come, on, Kenny! I'll give you five bucks to do it!
Our reply 4: Yuh huh!
Our reply 5: Yuh huh! If you don't wear a condom, you're gonna get AIDS.
Ground Truth:That's bullcrap! Titanium alloy my ass!

Sentence:That's bullcrap! Titanium alloy my ass!
Our reply 1: (Woohoo!) 
Our reply 2: Filling in for quarterback is number 12, Kyle Broflovski.
Our reply 3: Well, Cartman, this is just my opinion, but I think the Line Ride sucked donkey balls!
Our reply 4: Eric, where are you going?
Our reply 5: All right, I'm back.
Ground Truth:Well, let's see how he likes the icy blasts from my nunchucks of Sokuromoto! 

Sentence:Well, let's see how he likes the icy blasts from my nunchucks of Sokuromoto! 
Our reply 1: "Captain, we cannot keep going fast on these icy roads?"
Our reply 2: So you both run for President because one of you has to win, and you've got your access to the tunnel.
Our reply 3: Ey! You can't do that! Ey!
Our reply 4: Come on, Towelie! The guy said you have the security system in your memory banks.
Our reply 5: Craig Tucker, 2.4 inches. Yeah, that's about right.
Ground Truth:Huh nice attempt, ninja! But now both of you shall feel the power of my Web of Holding!  Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! You are both trapped in spiderwebs! 

Sentence:Huh nice attempt, ninja! But now both of you shall feel the power of my Web of Holding!  Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! You are both trapped in spiderwebs! 
Our reply 1: Many moons ago, Pony and Eagle walked up to Coyote. Pony said to Coyote, "I am very mad at Eagle. Will you yell at him for me?" Coyote said to Pony, "Why can you not yell yourself?" And Pony replied, "Because I am a little horse." 
Our reply 2: And that's really all I can tell you. The town of South Park is going to be leveled, in order to make way for a twelve-lane superhighway.
Our reply 3: Ha ha ha ha!
Our reply 4: Knew what?
Our reply 5: Yeah! You get out of town!
Ground Truth:All right, dickhole! Time for you to pay!  Oh no! I have no powers! Kyle took them away from me! Quick, Kyle, give me back my powers so I can fight this evil villain!

Sentence:All right, dickhole! Time for you to pay!  Oh no! I have no powers! Kyle took them away from me! Quick, Kyle, give me back my powers so I can fight this evil villain!
Our reply 1: Look! You boys have a chance to help me find and kill ManBearPig once and for all! I'm totally serial!
Our reply 2: Good riddance, you stupid park! You can all kiss my ass! 
Our reply 3: Mr. Garrison, you're a Klan member?
Our reply 4: Oohh, I'm sorry, Chef. Mr. Hat is a racist son of a bitch.
Our reply 5: Yeah! Come on, we can set everything up in my clubhouse and get ready for New Year's Eve!  Hey, don't feel bad, Stan. Some of us just mature a little later than others. 
Ground Truth:Okay, okay, you can have your powers back.

Sentence:Okay, okay, you can have your powers back.
Our reply 1: Rrrr!  Hr. 
Our reply 2: No-o Kyle, you'll be in debt for the rest of your life!  Please, somebody, get him to sto-o-op! 
Our reply 3: Ubup. Daddy, how come this ho get to be bottom bitch?
Our reply 4: You guys have no memory of me shooting myself in the head, do you?
Our reply 5: The bro down is over! Let's bro out!
Ground Truth:All right! And now I will use my power to...  turn Kyle into a chicken! Bleh! 

Sentence:All right! And now I will use my power to...  turn Kyle into a chicken! Bleh! 
Our reply 1: I can't fight you because you came crying to my house last night with your mom!
Our reply 2: No no, it's not serious, but he went number two during class.  I'm afraid he's gonna need a new pair of pants and underwear, and a clean pair of socks.
Our reply 3: Sweeet. Killer. Bye, Scott.  Ohoho, you are good, Eric. You are very, very good. 
Our reply 4: That's right, Chris. This newest study shows that the majority of child abductions are NOT committed by strangers, but by somebody the child knows in their own town.  The report further states that it is because the child trusts the individual that problems occur in the first place.
Our reply 5: It seems to have no weakness!
Ground Truth:God dammit Cartman!

Sentence:God dammit Cartman!
Our reply 1: Welcome to Make Your Own Video. All set to rock and roll?
Our reply 2: Wendy?
Our reply 3: Uh hey, space officers. How can we help you?
Our reply 4: Language.
Our reply 5: Put that away, dude! 
Ground Truth:Ha, ha, ha, ha, haaa, ha! Now you are a chicken! Nyanyanyanyanyaaa nya!

Sentence:Ha, ha, ha, ha, haaa, ha! Now you are a chicken! Nyanyanyanyanyaaa nya!
Our reply 1: All right, boys. You're gonna have to wait here. 
Our reply 2: Eric dear? I just got a call from your friend Kyle's mother. She said that this show is naughty, and might make you a potty mouth.
Our reply 3: No, Dad.
Our reply 4: Knew what?
Our reply 5: Yeah, awesome!
Ground Truth:Enough! I grow weary of your foolishness. Professor Chaos cannot be stopped!

Sentence:Enough! I grow weary of your foolishness. Professor Chaos cannot be stopped!
Our reply 1: Simple, my dear general. We are going to tear down the Earth's precious atmosphere! Oh yes! My latest plan will melt the polar ice caps, a-and burn all the world with the, with the... hu- sun's harmful rays!  Say goodbye to your... precious ozone and hello to chaos!  Okay, hand me another one, General Disarray. 
Our reply 2: Well, whatever it is you're after, I hope you get it.
Our reply 3: Who's that?
Our reply 4: You can't accept our love? So then we can only be together in eternity.
Our reply 5: What? Why would I do that?
Ground Truth:Oh yeah?! Kenny! Use your ninja star!

Sentence:Oh yeah?! Kenny! Use your ninja star!
Our reply 1: Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission. 
Our reply 2: All right.  And it can be our little secret about who wrote it, right? 
Our reply 3: This says "maximum."  Oh my God, we've killed Kenny!
Our reply 4: (What?)  (Oh oooooooOOOOOOOH!) 
Our reply 5: Oh my God.
Ground Truth:(Yeah! Take this, Professor Chaos!)  (Feel my wrath!) 

Sentence:(Yeah! Take this, Professor Chaos!)  (Feel my wrath!) 
Our reply 1: What? Why would I do that?
Our reply 2: Chaos theory, ih wah, it was first thought of in the sixties. Sixty. That's the number of episodes they made of Punky Brewster before it was cancelled. Cancelled...
Our reply 3: All right. Now, let's get to work.
Our reply 4: ...Pretty good.
Our reply 5: What is it in regard to? 
Ground Truth:Oh, shit, dude!

Sentence:Oh, shit, dude!
Our reply 1: Tom Vilsack?
Our reply 2: Those were some great pork chops, Satan.
Our reply 3: Everyone, can I have your attention real quick? Uuh, look, I just got a call from the network and I'm afraid Earth has been cancelled
Our reply 4: Suh, suh, suh, suh, Sssunday driver!
Our reply 5: Comoe back here! 
Ground Truth:Butters! Oh my God!  Oh, dude! It's stuck in his eye!

Sentence:Butters! Oh my God!  Oh, dude! It's stuck in his eye!
Our reply 1: It's very simple: You see,  when the dream experts go in, they attempt to take the subject to a dream within a dream.
Our reply 2: Yeah!
Our reply 3: Are you going to eat those pancakes?
Our reply 4: Aw dude, weak.
Our reply 5: Mr. Mackey, go, and face it! Please. So that we can get out of here and find out why we're hoarding.
Ground Truth:What the hell did you do that for, Kenny?!

Sentence:What the hell did you do that for, Kenny?!
Our reply 1: Ow! That fucking HURTS! 
Our reply 2: (Ow, mom!)
Our reply 3: No way.
Our reply 4: Forget him! He's done for! 
Our reply 5: (Nooo!) 
Ground Truth:(I just threw my ninja star at him.)

Sentence:(I just threw my ninja star at him.)
Our reply 1: Shut up, Pip!
Our reply 2: No!
Our reply 3: You don't know anything about Jews, fatass!
Our reply 4: You asked for the help of the American Catholic League, let us do our job! Take him! 
Our reply 5: Oh, hell. Light the snake! 
Ground Truth:It hurts! It hurts! 

Sentence:It hurts! It hurts! 
Our reply 1: You have the right to remain silent. Now please look at the camera and say "I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."
Our reply 2: That's cool. I guess you can join up with us if you want.
Our reply 3: You know, you think you have the power to make me insecure, but your words are actually completely powerless.
Our reply 4: Ah... I don't know who to listen to!
Our reply 5: Don't worry, Mr. Tweek. This committee is not going to let you be run out of business by these bastards! Do you hear that? You're not gonna get away with this, you whore!
Ground Truth:Oh man! We are in serious trouble!

Sentence:Oh man! We are in serious trouble!
Our reply 1: Boys, the reason we called you all in is because one of your friends... has a serious illness. Eric Cartman has been diagnosed with HIV.
Our reply 2: Yeah, boys going to Milan with a beautiful older woman. Quick! Call the FBI! 
Our reply 3: Alright, that's enough. You're all going to be put away for a long time. 
Our reply 4: Having aides - is - awesome! With aides you can literally watch the fat melt away! And with the proper mix of aides and Subway sandwiches, anything is possible! 
Our reply 5: Your wife Sarah put you up to this.
Ground Truth:Sh shhhh. It's okay, Butters. Calm down. It's not that bad, really.

Sentence:Sh shhhh. It's okay, Butters. Calm down. It's not that bad, really.
Our reply 1: Maybe... maybe protect them from you?
Our reply 2: Oh, hamburgers.
Our reply 3: You just got me busted forever!
Our reply 4: THERE'S NO SNACKS LEFT, KYLE! THEY TOOK ALL THE SNACKS AND THE PIZZA AND THE CAKE AND WE'RE NOT GONNA HAVE A PARTY!
Our reply 5: You found what?
Ground Truth:But I... But I... But I can't see nothin'. I gotta go to the hospital! 

Sentence:But I... But I... But I can't see nothin'. I gotta go to the hospital! 
Our reply 1: Believe me, Butters, you don't wanna see what's up there. Now come on. I'll guide you to a safer location. &lt;/&gt; There you go. Two more steps and you're at the top.  Good.
Our reply 2: I have to get out first. I'm not gonna make it; I can't stand hospitals.
Our reply 3: Let us in now! 
Our reply 4: But what's wrong with her?
Our reply 5: Here's the control panel that operates all the stars.
Ground Truth:Okay okay, calm down, Butters! It'll be okay! 

Sentence:Okay okay, calm down, Butters! It'll be okay! 
Our reply 1: I don't want all these drones everywhere! Nobody does!
Our reply 2: Oh, ah thank God you found me.
Our reply 3: Alright and now how about you. Your name is?
Our reply 4: Thanks, you guys.
Our reply 5: What do you want from McDonald's?
Ground Truth:Guys, meeting over here for a second?  All right you guys, we need to stay calm and just do the right thing. We have to kill Butters and bury him in Kyle's backyard.

Sentence:Guys, meeting over here for a second?  All right you guys, we need to stay calm and just do the right thing. We have to kill Butters and bury him in Kyle's backyard.
Our reply 1: Timmih!
Our reply 2: They're right over there, and they're gonna start screaming and banging on those drums, and then they're go-  Thank you Butters. All right, we need to go over there and find out what we can from those Commie rats.  Oh, herro, prease, herro.
Our reply 3: Oh what a perfect night for fighting. Lo, the moon sets upon the tips of the trees and I, the man known as the Rad Russian, start to stir with the excitement of violence.
Our reply 4: NO! I put your headset on, and came here to-
Our reply 5: I won't become one of them! 
Ground Truth:Dude, shut up!

Sentence:Dude, shut up!
Our reply 1: Oh, alright then.  Hey Wendy. Wendy!  Bitch, don't you wanna start makin' some real fuckin' money?
Our reply 2: Nyaaaaa! 
Our reply 3: Well, I told you. We should leave evolution out of the classrooms.
Our reply 4: Alright, that does it! Come on, we're going to see the Boss!
Our reply 5: Oho, really? What are you gonna do about it, Wendy?
Ground Truth:I agree with Cartman!

Sentence:I agree with Cartman!
Our reply 1: You guys!  You gotta help me. These business casual G-men are trying to kidnap me!
Our reply 2: Look, we're not going in there, so just-! Wait, why the hell am I talking to your hand?  Look, we're not going in there, so just knock it off!
Our reply 3: What are you doing?!
Our reply 4: Goddammit, don't shoot me!
Our reply 5: Aaaaaa!
Ground Truth:What?!

Sentence:What?!
Our reply 1: (I'm not really a vampire.)
Our reply 2: O- oh careful General Disarray.
Our reply 3: Yeah, so the problem is your Margaritaville payment plan has been combined with thousands of others into one big Margaritaville security, yeah, no. Yeah. No. Yeah... 
Our reply 4: Stan?
Our reply 5: What are you talking about, dude?
Ground Truth:You don't understand what my mom will do to me if she finds out I was playing with weapons!

Sentence:You don't understand what my mom will do to me if she finds out I was playing with weapons!
Our reply 1: Awww, come onnn! How am I gonna kill people with those?
Our reply 2: Who's gonna tell them, dumbass?!
Our reply 3: Where am I?
Our reply 4: I can't believe I let you scare me into taking your side. You used fear to make me stop believing in free speech.
Our reply 5: Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission. 
Ground Truth:Just stay still, Butters.

Sentence:Just stay still, Butters.
Our reply 1: Please!
Our reply 2: He-you may. But being a lion may be harder than you think.
Our reply 3: Yes. And tonight, while Butters is asleep, I am going to-
Our reply 4: Maybe you didn't hear me! I ran away! I don't have anywhere to sleep! I'm out on the street!
Our reply 5: I can't do it. Ah, I- I can't do it!
Ground Truth:Ah.  Hwa!  Hwaaaaa!

Sentence:Ah.  Hwa!  Hwaaaaa!
Our reply 1: It must have been very difficult for you, being the one on your planet with his wild theories that Pilgrims and Indians were not of this world.
Our reply 2: What the hell do you want?
Our reply 3: We'll let you know, Butters.
Our reply 4: Don't you see, Kyle?
Our reply 5: So long, boys! 
Ground Truth:Stop dude! You're gonna scramble his brain!

Sentence:Stop dude! You're gonna scramble his brain!
Our reply 1: Maybe you got brain cancer.
Our reply 2: Michael Jackson's hologram is on the loose!
Our reply 3: Mr. Garrison. He's going to try to kill Kathie Lee Gifford.
Our reply 4: Ahhh, ba-ba-chomp?
Our reply 5: Dude! I found out what a bris is! I found out what they're gonna do to Ike!
Ground Truth:Go ahead and scramble it, then he won't remember it was us.

Sentence:Go ahead and scramble it, then he won't remember it was us.
Our reply 1: Aaah, I was just thinking that maybe you voted a little... hastily on the cutest boy?
Our reply 2: Man. Cartman's more screwed up than I thought.
Our reply 3: Wait wait. I learned some Mongolian in college.  Ah, let's see. Uh. K-kids, uh, Bi kute. Bi salnek kute. Uh-d tah tasobarro.
Our reply 4: Goddammit tell her! I wanna go home!
Our reply 5: You dumbass, Cartman!
Ground Truth:You guys can't fix my eyeball! You have to take me to the hospital! 

Sentence:You guys can't fix my eyeball! You have to take me to the hospital! 
Our reply 1: Don't you guys feel like brushing your teeth first?
Our reply 2: They told us he has a m-muscular disease. An and, that ...and that he, he might die. 
Our reply 3: You've got to be kidding me!
Our reply 4: Let us in now! 
Our reply 5: There you are, Butters!
Ground Truth:If we take him to the hospital, they're gonna find out what happened.

Sentence:If we take him to the hospital, they're gonna find out what happened.
Our reply 1: I have to get out first. I'm not gonna make it; I can't stand hospitals.
Our reply 2: I'm standing now with Danny Ganz, the commander of the ATF. Commander, what is the latest?
Our reply 3: Keep looking, Terrance. The forensic evidence is right around here.  Ah!  Af!
Our reply 4: They didn't show part 2 of Terrance and Phillip!  They replaced it with the Queef Sisters!
Our reply 5: Where were the teachers?!
Ground Truth:God dammit!

Sentence:God dammit!
Our reply 1: Excuse me: over here, please? All right, I need all students to join me over here. 
Our reply 2: Hey Bill.
Our reply 3: No, I can't even kill a deer.
Our reply 4: Uh hey, space officers. How can we help you?
Our reply 5: What?!
Ground Truth:God? Please, if you get me out of this, I swear, I will never play with weapons ever again.

Sentence:God? Please, if you get me out of this, I swear, I will never play with weapons ever again.
Our reply 1: Shhh, it's okay, Butters.  Nobody's gonna find the election ballots.  I have them hidden away somewhere... nobody would ever look.  A place in town people barely even know exists.
Our reply 2: Careful, Cartman, you might pop your stitches. 
Our reply 3: I swear, Stan.
Our reply 4: Come on, without nuclear weapons, what kind of final Armageddon is this gonna be?! 
Our reply 5: Ech! You see, guys? This is why Jews can't be ninjas! They've got no spine!
Ground Truth:Don't be so quick to throw off your ninja responsibility, Kyle.  Now, come on guys, sure, it's easy to be a ninja when everything's going your way, but it's times like these, when the chips are down, that a ninja shows his true character.

Sentence:Don't be so quick to throw off your ninja responsibility, Kyle.  Now, come on guys, sure, it's easy to be a ninja when everything's going your way, but it's times like these, when the chips are down, that a ninja shows his true character.
Our reply 1: Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission. 
Our reply 2: You don't know anything about Jews, fatass!
Our reply 3: (Shuriken. Awesome!)
Our reply 4: You know what this means? It means you're about to get slapped, so you'd better shut up!
Our reply 5: Hey, it's a fire. That means there must be people. 
Ground Truth:Whoa, I'm getting woozy.

Sentence:Whoa, I'm getting woozy.
Our reply 1: Minge, does this mean I have to wait to see Paris?
Our reply 2: Change your name!
Our reply 3: The mana is flying now as both roosters play sorcery spells! It's Mass Calcify against Into the Void!
Our reply 4: Close the door, I'm trying to freeze!
Our reply 5: Oh! That is one fudged-up little cracker! 
Ground Truth:Shut up, Butters.  Now, there's a way out of this. We just have to use our... ninja reasoning. 

Sentence:Shut up, Butters.  Now, there's a way out of this. We just have to use our... ninja reasoning. 
Our reply 1: (unintelligible)
Our reply 2: The other kids are watching. Look, do what you gotta do. I won't fight back. I just hope that maybe afterwards we can... try to be friends someday.
Our reply 3: Alright, that does it! Come on, we're going to see the Boss!
Our reply 4: Shutting me down? Why?
Our reply 5: (Or are you gonna hit her with your hand?)
Ground Truth:We... need a doctor... But we can't go to the hospital. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. What about the veterinarian?

Sentence:We... need a doctor... But we can't go to the hospital. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. What about the veterinarian?
Our reply 1: He's remembering.
Our reply 2: What the hell? 
Our reply 3: We were throwing rocks at cars.
Our reply 4: Come on, hurry up.
Our reply 5: Wait... stop it, stop it!  I can't let Kenny be sock-dried.
Ground Truth:Dr. Shafley?

Sentence:Dr. Shafley?
Our reply 1: I have no idea!
Our reply 2: Sure!
Our reply 3: Yes, I'm sure he could. But, then again,  does the world really need another therapist?
Our reply 4: I wanna have breast-reduction surgery. 
Our reply 5: Breaking into a store, Butters?! What are you?!
Ground Truth:He's really old and going blind.

Sentence:He's really old and going blind.
Our reply 1: The American Association of Retired Persons.
Our reply 2: Oh what's the hurry?
Our reply 3: Well, I guess I should say "Thanks?"
Our reply 4: Really?! Nobody was playing with any fireworks?! 
Our reply 5: Yes, YES! I'm feeling totally stupid right now.
Ground Truth:So if we make Butters up to look like a dog...

Sentence:So if we make Butters up to look like a dog...
Our reply 1: Come on you guys, I have an idea.
Our reply 2: No they don't!
Our reply 3: Tweek, Tweek, you can always go on welfare. Look at Kenny's family: they're perfectly happy being poor and on welfare. Right, Kenny?
Our reply 4: Hey Dad!
Our reply 5: Oh hey fellas. I'm just watching the Kardashians
Ground Truth:Oh no.

Sentence:Oh no.
Our reply 1: 'Scuse me. 'Scuse me! I'd like to return this Margaritaville, please?
Our reply 2: Hey, look at this! There's about to be a big pimp convention, it looks like. I gotta get to that convention, Sally. I could learn all kinds of stuff for our company.
Our reply 3: I'm sorry, Kip, but I really can't be your friend anymore. It was a great ride, but I must say goodbye. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do, but ending a friendship... is never easy. 
Our reply 4: Well, we'll certainly keep a look out for that player and ban him from the network.  Better tell the guys upstairs.
Our reply 5: Yes. And there's no known cure, I'm afraid. Everything just seems shitty, and everyone starts to seem shitty, and everything they say just starts to 
Ground Truth:We might pass him off as our pet.

Sentence:We might pass him off as our pet.
Our reply 1: Pass this up.
Our reply 2: I'm sure glad that's over with. Now I can sleep at night.
Our reply 3: Conjugate the verb. Conjugate the verb.
Our reply 4: I got it mail ordered from Africa.  The ad said it would take 4 to 6 weeks, but it only took three.
Our reply 5: Come on Ned, we gotta get our asses to the bookie.
Ground Truth:But, but fellas, if I, if I dress up like a dog with a star in my eye, I- I'm gonna get grounded.

Sentence:But, but fellas, if I, if I dress up like a dog with a star in my eye, I- I'm gonna get grounded.
Our reply 1: Oh, come on! Just think about how famous you'll be!
Our reply 2: Oh, Mr. Marsh, I am sooo sorry.
Our reply 3: Hey. Talk to me.
Our reply 4: Yeah!
Our reply 5: Yeah, he must have followed me to football practice. You see, he is smart.
Ground Truth:Shut up, Butters!

Sentence:Shut up, Butters!
Our reply 1: Oh, alright then.  Hey Wendy. Wendy!  Bitch, don't you wanna start makin' some real fuckin' money?
Our reply 2: We can't, sir!
Our reply 3: What was that?  What the?! 
Our reply 4: You did, dude! You drank his whole body!
Our reply 5: Looosers!
Ground Truth:That is the dumbest idea you guys have ever come up with! I'd expect this stupidity out of Cartman, but you, Stan?! Butters needs medical attention right now!

Sentence:That is the dumbest idea you guys have ever come up with! I'd expect this stupidity out of Cartman, but you, Stan?! Butters needs medical attention right now!
Our reply 1: Yeah. What the hell kind of carnival company are you?!
Our reply 2: Woops.
Our reply 3: Yes, you're right, Kyle. I'm sure that that... is going to have earth-shattering consequences. Heheheheh. 
Our reply 4: What the hell are you doing here?!
Our reply 5: You're acting like a bunch of assholes!
Ground Truth:All right, then you take him to the hospital, Kyle. You take him to the hospital and let your mom find out what happened.

Sentence:All right, then you take him to the hospital, Kyle. You take him to the hospital and let your mom find out what happened.
Our reply 1: Oh sure, sure. But we have to get him back soon. If he doesn't get his antibiotic shot today, he could die.
Our reply 2: But what's wrong with her?
Our reply 3: They said they were heading to the big party at the community center. You have to stop it. My friends are in trouble.
Our reply 4: I got beat up at school... for being different.
Our reply 5: Sign here, and here, and here, and here, and here.  And here. 
Ground Truth:Hand me the modeling glue. We need more fur over here. 

